So we're talking about the school. Yes.
So what was yours specially?
But like what if photography or like painting
It sounds like such a fun kind of...
Did you guys have like sports teams where you played against other countries?
Wow.
Oh my gosh, that sounds horrible.
I wonder if a kid ever got hit in the parking lot, you know, like they're running in the sewers backing out.
yes
But one more question, did you guys have prom?
Yeah, yeah. That makes sense. They usually do have any.
elsewhere yeah
yeah
Wow, that's cool
Wow!
Not only are they like the arts, they're the creative bosses.
So I i.. grew up in Tucson, Arizona.
And for the most part...
I grew up on the south side, and it's south Tucson.
It's just like South L.A except....
South Tucson has nothing but Mexicans where South LA is like
more latino and black community
But in Tucson, it literally was just Mexicans.
You're one or two families of like different, you know, with different
racism so.... And at the time it was weird.
I was the only one whose parents were never married.
Like everybody else's parents were together.
or you know there would be like maybe once in a...
a divorce but like literally my parents were never married
interesting growing up.
were like
cause cause no like they..
Friends knew because I had like
stepdad and I had a stepmom at that time because my dad got married to my
step mom when i was like three
and my mom got (***) when i was like six
So by the time I got to school.
So I would refer to them as like, oh my dad, my daddy Tony, and my dad..
or my mom, Diane, and my mom, Mary, yeah.
Double the trouble. I'm just kidding.
It was fun because it was like we had moved.
because i always wrote my mom
You know it was rough because she didn't choose very well for her
so she was basically like the single mom because she was the stable one who was always working.
Umm and
Like we moved around so much
But my mom always kept us at the same school, which was good.
So but we like even though we don't it was always between like
in south tucson or in like the southwest side so it's mainly stayed in that same area
Sometimes we would even move within the same apartment complex.
We went from a two-bedroom to a three-bedroom back to a two-bedroom.
You could tell when times got tough, we would go into a house.
she was by a house and then they have to foreclose like two years later so it's like a lot of movies
But like I said, she gave me that consistency of staying at the same school.
And we always had to go to the babysitter afterwards because, you know.
She is like that single mom, basically.
It was crazy. And then I would go to my dad's house.
And my stepmom loves to stay at home and be a stay at home mom.
And it was just like, such a different like...
Different dynamics felt like i was in a twilight zone over there, you know?
But...
I never really thought the team was always the center for me.
home was my grandma's house.
that was like my first house i wanted to but it's always like
no matter what, even like after I moved to LA, I would still get mail sent there.
like because it was the only consistent place.
and being at my grandparents's house was like..
i felt free and it wasn't so like a older that i realize..
There's so many issues going on in the house, but as a little kid, I didn't know.
yeah yeah but
Between my grandparents, there was like drama. I would have never known that.
Yeah, it's like